hi guys today I want to show you
something that should become an ongoing
series on my channel and that is indeed
box now before you guys do anything let
me just tell you that I am NOT being
paid for this and these things are not
coming in free I am a regular subscriber
to indie box and I subscribe to them
when I went to pax
they had a booth over there and I
checked them out and really I was just
blown away by their product so I decided
that this is something I want to
subscribe to and something I want to
share with you guys so in more ways than
one I will show you in just a bit and
know don't get any dirty thoughts
because I've been noticing the on some
of my favorite channels they are getting
indie box games and they are covering
them and they seem to be the same ones
but they're not really saying that
they're getting paid for it but at least
one of them has said that he's getting
them for free and so I know that well
beside other servers loot crate I know
that loot crate does I as well they'll
go ahead and send their boxes to popular
youtubers so that way they'll go ahead
and cover them and of course when they
cover them that's beneficial for both
sides of the equation but anyways I just
want to let you know that of course I
will go ahead and disclose it to you
anytime that I get any sort of paid
content which I'll say right now my
channel it hasn't happened yet but if it
ever does happen I'm gonna come clean
with it to you guys I'm gonna put it up
front I'm not gonna hide it anywhere so
I'll go ahead and post proof I am NOT
getting paid for this in fact I paid for
the subscription and it's a six-month
subscription I got add a little bit of a
discount since I got from them directly
there on the show floor including these
I got a little bit of a discount on them
but again that was the discount that
anybody we've gotten there at PAX
I actually know what's in here because
they had a few display units on the show
floor but and they also had some free to
play games so that's why I chose these
two in particular they had four of them
on the show floor as far as I can
remember but I played them and these are
the ones I like the most
now the first one we have here is super
win the game now the first thing that
you'll notice is that it is mimicking
the Super NES style of box art and I
love that I think that that was just
such a good idea that they did even the
back part of it it looks like you know
the old style and of course they
intentionally put in the horizontal
perspective I also didn't know when I
got this that it's part of a limited
edition so I got number 148 of 1250 and
I played some of this on the show floor
and it was just incredible
you'll see right here that the edges of
the screen kinda have like this little
curved part right here where we're like
your character and the objects they do
kind of curve around there as if it's
almost like a like a smooth edge right
there some of you who have who have
played games like this on a CRT
television will remember that that they
did have curves on the edges and it this
thing it is just it's so retro that
those curved edges it's not just an
overlay it does work like like the
pixels and everything they do round out
when you're moving the screen not only
that the character himself when you're
jumping and everything he kind of leaves
that a little bit of I think it's called
burnin where like a little bit of the
character is still left behind so he
kind of has a little bit of a glow to
him and this thing it was just such a
joy to play and it's so self-aware that
it's a retro game because I mean look at
this way it's describing it it's the fun
never ends with super win the game do
the thing get the stuff win the game
it's just so self-aware that it's this
old-school adventure platformer type
game I think it's gonna be just great
also here's where I'm really gonna be
sharing these games with you this game
comes with a steam key now this steam
key it is unused I do not have a steam
account I've never had one and I don't
plan on getting one because it's just no
real use to me because really I mean I
just don't do a lot of PC gaming so any
time that I have something like this on
here and it does have a steam key then I
will go ahead and give it to you guys
someone one lucky viewer out there will
be able to get the steam key and then
you know have a free game but anyways
the only thing that I asked is go ahead
and just make a comment and tell me what
you thought about the game I don't know
I think that's a fair deal but anyway so
I hope that when you guys
can go ahead and get this and tell me
what you think about this game but again
I just don't have a steam account it's
nothing against steam I'm not boycotting
them I'm not pissed off with them or
anything really I just don't have a
steam account and there's not really any
reason for me to get one right now I
prefer to do my my gaming on either the
original consoles or with emulation even
though I know that makes me a walking
contradiction either way one of you guys
will get this game alright let's go
ahead and open this nice packaging it's
pretty tough
alrighty oh and I almost forgot to tell
you guys when I got this and also the
people who were already subscribed in
the guy in the mail they also got a
Super NES controller and that's really
cool that they actually have like super
win the game branded Super NES
controller of course it's not official
Nintendo duh but it almost has I would
say build quality that's almost on par
the d-pad feels a little bit too thick
but otherwise it seems like it's pretty
good quality unfortunately though I
actually have one of these controllers I
did buy a long time ago I buy a downtown
at this little Asian electronics store
and I I think I've paid like 4 bucks for
it so I know that this isn't terribly
expensive but I like the thought that
they put into it I like that anyways
let's see what's in the box and I just
ruined it right now shoot bent the whole
thing oh well first thing that I pull
out is a cleaning cloth which is also
some sort of an overworld map now the
cool thing about that is that I like
that they included an overworld map
that's on cloth because I think that
that has actually been done in another
adventure game or like RPG I think it
was in maybe Ultima I don't know there
was some game they included a cloth map
and like coins and that sort of thing I
think it was Altima anyway so that's
really cool that's very thoughtful and
plus that's very cheap I mean for clean
cloths are dime a dozen
so that was really cool for them to do
super win the game sticker alright
indie box sticker right here we have 3d
glasses I guess they're trying to go for
the whole 3d thing that they also did
and I mean back then it was done in I
think it was rad racer and I'm sure
there's probably some other game that
did that but it's a nice little gimmick
I like that nice little throwback let's
see what else we have here
come on ooh a soundtrack now here you go
this is the CRT television screen so I
was talking about where they have like
the rounded edges and CRT stands for
Cathy Oh Dre tube I think either way
just like the old-school televisions
with scan lines and everything I don't
know I really like that I think that
like just about every box that they go
ahead and put out it does include the
soundtrack here's the game itself kind
of got a little bit loosen in the case
right there and it even is in a Super
NES looking little card this is an
actual card and I think that pops out I
hope I don't bring it there you go
it pops out and then it's a flash drive
so you put this into your computer and
then it will go ahead and run it and I
think that all of their games run on
Linux Mac and PC so I think it has
pretty much everyone covered but anyways
that's really cool and I say all this
because I actually learned it straight
from the horse's mouth when I was there
I got to chat with the guys behind Indy
box and they're all super nice they're
all really good people and they were
very helpful I mean again who its
magnetic I didn't think that yeah yeah
little magnets right there that's that's
really cool
anyways though they're all very nice
people and they were very helpful even
though the Wi-Fi there at PAX was not
very helpful when we were trying to sign
me up for it but either way it was
really really nice to meet those guys
and okay this is kind of an instruction
manual but
I don't know there's not too many
instructions a lot of them are like ads
and stuff but oh well oh cool so yeah
this one you do use it but and that
reminds me of there at the booth I don't
think I use those two top buttons either
ah there there you see Windows Mac Linux
really cool very cool stuff and they
didn't have Mouse craft that you could
play there but they did have a
steamworld dig and to be honest I played
that I did not like that game they had
the games there for sale as well
so that's why I got these ones since I
wouldn't be getting them through the
subscription service since I was 9
earlier subscriber so these are once I
have already gone out to other people
who would not already subscribed to it
you know and so I was able to get a
little bit of a discount on him since it
was there on the show floor but these
are really the ones that really caught
my attention that digger game it really
didn't really like my fire I think also
there was that rogue game I think it's
rogue legacy maybe um I don't know if
I'm saying that right but either way
they had that game there and that one I
didn't really like it either he just
didn't stick with me anyways
yeah and that's it nothing else in that
box now the next one luftrausers I
played this one there and I had a blast
this Saint has won numerous awards it's
even won some people's Game of the Year
lists and it is it was just a phenomenal
game to play there I can't wait to play
this thing and unfortunately though it
doesn't have a student code on there at
least not on the outside but again if
any of these games have steam codes I
will go ahead and just give it to you
guys because like I said I don't have an
account and I don't plan on getting one
any time soon but um alright let's see I
love that this thing is done by
completely World War 2 style and you'll
see like I said I know what these boxes
contain
I think you guys will like them too all
right put that plastic out of the way
all right
oh this thing looks great I like the job
that they've done with boxing these
things they look really good when I try
to take a part from the bottom maybe
that won't damage the box so much okay
that's pretty good
let's see what we have here
Oh issue one newsletter that's just
broke becoming stuff oh well that's
pretty cool
luftrausers instruction manual that's
pretty cool I like this and part of
their whole thing is that they are
trying to bring back the box that's like
their their motto they I guess they kind
of like struck the same note that I have
did their kind of thing on my whole
perspective that I really do miss the
box I I like buying stuff you know as
far as like the physical copy of it I'm
not really too much of a digital guy but
either way so this is right up my alley
this is what I'm looking for a lot of
the digital games I have played I wish
that they did get steam box release I
mean not steam box uh indie box God
anyway so here's one of their little
bonus items and this is a little plane
that you could put together
I guess we'll try to put that together
and just just a bit they also include an
indie box sticker that has the little
luftrausers guys on there here's a
luftrausers soundtrack very cool
luftrausers game and again just the same
thing take this out try not to break it
yeah and then there you go USB thing
what's this on here Oh a steam key okay
one of you lucky guys will get that
right there all right
oh and directions on how to open it Wow
okay I like these cases this was a
brilliant brilliant idea whoever came up
with this
good idea guys alright luftrausers metal
that's really cool how do we open this
here we go yeah that's just the
background wow this is actually like
metal I thought that because they had
like the unboxings of like those
different games you could try out they
had them on display like kind of like in
a picture frame you know they have them
just right there on the wall with like
all the stuff that comes with it and
with this I had thought it was plastic
but no it actually is metal Wow and then
there's a little pin right there that is
cool that is better than I thought
because when I slide on there I was like
no geez that's just a gimmick just a
little decoration but I mean yeah it is
still just a decoration I'm not gonna be
walking around with this damn thing on
but that's really cool that actually
looks really awesome it looks like they
actually put some effort into it oh one
last thing
oh cool cool an iron-on luftrausers
emblem that looks cool that that is a
good little logo right there wow they
did a good job on this one
so yeah I the two winners well I was
gonna say that these two right here who
would I who would I declare the winner
as far as like the better box I don't
know I'm really impressed with Luke
browsers but at the same time the other
one included a little Super NES
controller but oh well I like I like
them both and the other ones I think
those two thighs in get for that digger
that steam dagger game or whatever that
one included like I think it was a deck
of playing cards or something I don't
know okay this is it doesn't have a
little propeller it's just a little
gravity plane let's take this out
carefully and then we will build it all
right take out these little mini
styrofoam pieces maybe delicate
remember kids ask an adult to help you
I'm kidding alright this part goes like
that
come on Oh doesn't feel like it's big
enough okay
yeah that's there this right here and
this is a fun fun game I was really
really surprised because I really didn't
expect an indie game to be so good that
would warrant like an actual box release
but with these games I think when I was
speaking to those guys they actually go
through a lot of scrutinizing to make
sure that a good game actually gets on
there I think it needs to have a
Metacritic score of like an eighth or
something
I forgot what exactly their criteria is
but they don't just go with anything and
then you know just pick whoever wants to
do an indie box and then they're able to
buy their way in or anything at least
not that I could tell but they were
telling me that there actually is a
scrutinizing process and at least
originally they were having to go to
different game designers and ask like
hey we're doing this a new box thing
will you please let us do this for your
game you know we could do this as a
partnership and so that's apparently
what they were doing originally
originally and but I guess nowadays
they're just a little bit more popular
they have a little bit more exposure and
I guess there's game designers to
actually go to them now so that's
actually really interesting it was it
was really fun to speak to them and then
find out how they actually get this done
and here's the plane the tail is a
little wobbly but it'll do I think
something's broke hmm all right either
way that's all that I have for today I
hope you guys like this thing like I
said this is not paid content I'm not
being paid a dime these are not free I
am just a regular subscriber and in fact
you know what when I was subscribing to
them it was not until the very end
once I had actually had my credit card
info go out and you know everything was
was cool with my payment then I finally
went ahead and told them like oh by the
way I have a YouTube channel and I'm
gonna be covering your your products and
then so they were happy I mean they
weren't really afraid or anything so I
don't know since I'm not a game paid and
these aren't free I'll let you guys know
if
boxes are a steaming pile of
you-know-what but if not I think that
they're gonna be it's gonna be a really
good product that comes in I hope you
guys like it too Mike